---
title: "Introducing Legally Blocked: Your Ultimate Guide to Geo-Blocked Services"
date: 2023-05-17
draft: false
---

Hello everyone!

We are extremely excited to announce the launch of our new project, Legally Blocked. It's a unique platform providing an invaluable resource for internet users worldwide. You can access our new website at: [https://legallyblocked.website/](https://legallyblocked.website/).

Legally Blocked offers comprehensive, up-to-date information about websites, mobile apps, and online services that have been blocked by governments across the globe. This tool aims to keep you informed, educated, and prepared in an ever-changing digital landscape. 

Our platform is designed with a community-driven approach. We value the experiences and insights of our users, and we encourage you to participate. You can submit your feedback, updates, or any relevant information related to the content on our site at: [https://www.legallyblocked.website/updateInfo](https://www.legallyblocked.website/updateInfo). Together, we can keep each other informed and help navigate the intricacies of the digital world.

To reach us directly with any questions, suggestions, or concerns, please feel free to email us at [contact@legallyblocked.website](mailto:contact@legallyblocked.website). We are here to assist you!

From a technological standpoint, Legally Blocked is a cutting-edge platform. It lives entirely on the Cloudflare edge network. We've leveraged Cloudflare Pages for hosting static content, and we've utilized Cloudflare Workers for our backend operations, written in Node.js. The database we use is Cloudflare D1, currently in the alpha stage. This project is entirely serverless, requiring no server management, thus delivering a seamless user experience.

In keeping with our commitment to the community, this project is entirely driven by contributions from users like you. If you have any data that could be beneficial to the community, please don't hesitate to share it with us. Your input is invaluable in helping us to enrich the data and insights available on Legally Blocked.

As for what's next, we're already working on our next major update. We aim to provide alternate apps and websites for blocked services. This way, users can not only get information about what is blocked but also learn how to maintain contact with their loved ones in spite of these restrictions. 

Stay tuned for more updates as we continue to evolve and enhance Legally Blocked. We sincerely thank you for your support and look forward to collaborating with you in building a more informed and empowered digital community.

Together, let's navigate the digital world without borders.

Best,
The Legally Blocked Team
(Dolly and Himanshu)
